Jocelyn Corrales: Hi, Eric.
Eric D.S.: Hello.
Eric D.S.: How are you good
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Could you please state your name and date of birth to that they could blow your chart.
Eric D.S.: Yeah. Rick de Santiago.
Eric D.S.: One maybe nine
Jocelyn Corrales: Al Qaeda like up here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what we're going to do today is that we're going to talk about what you surely do in a day.
Jocelyn Corrales: What's working out for you. With regards to your activities of daily living with us your mental health spiritual self and you know everything else and what's not working out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Then after that, we're going to do some planning. So actually what we're going to do is that
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like planning. We're going to do planning to improve the quality of your life. Although this is a work in progress. So what we have planned for today will be updated regularly so
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm not going not only going to meet you today, but I'm going to meet you. Every 30 days or probably every 35 days to check on you.
Jocelyn Corrales: To see how you're doing. If you're doing well or not. If the plan that we have device is working out for you or not. So it's like more of a monetary
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you see if you're doing great. Or if you're if it's not working out for you. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let's start with what's working out for you. With regards to activities of daily living. So it's something like about getting out of bed waking up taking a bath taking a shower brushing your teeth, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Taking care of yourself being active exercising managing your being. And, you know, eating and sleeping. So what do you do usually do in a day.
Eric D.S.: Where everything you just said is right now with the virus. I mean, there's only so much you can do. I'm pretty much stuck at home so
Eric D.S.: Up and getting ready yeah that's about it. But
Jocelyn Corrales: You do. Do you go to work or not.
Eric D.S.: Necessarily our God, slow down a lot.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay. You mentioned that you just arrived.
Jocelyn Corrales: To where did you came through.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, I just came from home right now. I went to the store just got some groceries.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK, so basically we're just at home.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, pretty much every once in a while we'll get a job, but we've gotten very slow for
Jocelyn Corrales: What they usually do.
Eric D.S.: I work for a moving company.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what time do you usually wake up.
Eric D.S.: I'm eight ish maybe 738
Jocelyn Corrales: And is that regular
Jocelyn Corrales: Regularly wake up at around a lot more for ya. It's rare that I don't
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Regularly and are you able to, you know, take your meals on time. Like, for example, eat breakfast eat lunch eat dinner or you eat just twice a day.
Eric D.S.: Or you eat your I'm able to eat regularly.
Jocelyn Corrales: And on time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you do exercise.
Eric D.S.: I tried to. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And how do what, what do you do
Eric D.S.: All right, depends on the situation, if I'm able when I was able to go out and I go to the gym now that I can't go then I just go right can do here at the house.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you used to go to the gym.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, to work out.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: But actually you could actually exercise at home.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, I
Just
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: What do you do like walking around a house or, you know, do some basic exercise or you'll go stretching
Eric D.S.: Yeah, oh yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Stretching walking
Jocelyn Corrales: Also do yoga.
Eric D.S.: Not
Jocelyn Corrales: We're stretching, then you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so how how often do you do exercise at all.
Eric D.S.: Three days a week at least.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to do your, you know, basic care like
Jocelyn Corrales: taking a shower brushing your teeth on you know your TV.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what time do you usually sleep.
Eric D.S.: I'm 10
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have any problems with regards to sleeping.
No.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what the surely like to do, you know, What are your hobbies. What do you like doing you know you're doing like art or crafts, or something like that.
Eric D.S.: You know when when the, when the before all this happened with the virus, other than work, I would go to school. And that's pretty much it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. So you go to school. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like you're a part time student and a part time
Jocelyn Corrales: Worker.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you're a full time student
Eric D.S.: work full time and go to school part time
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good that you're going to school.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, that's necessary.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you don't do, like for example music play music play guitar.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or do some crafts.
Eric D.S.: Work out
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you're not into any sports like basketball or skateboarding.
Eric D.S.: To watch it. Yeah, I don't really play anymore.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, it's fine.
Eric D.S.: But
Jocelyn Corrales: You do watch you know when you're at home. You watch TV right now because, you know, you've mentioned that
Jocelyn Corrales: What are your usual activities at home right now, especially, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You sell them go to work, because of the pandemic. So what the surely. How do you spend your time at home right now.
Eric D.S.: either read or watch TV or look at stuff online. That's it, really.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you considered doing some crafts, or something like that like drawing
Eric D.S.: Yeah, I've never really been good at it. So I haven't really tried to get into it now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you could try at least try. Or you could do some graphs, you know, handicrafts, like, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: I didn't know about male crafts. But, you know, female crafts. It's just, you know, you know, paper, paper stuff, something like that or crochet, something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: But I don't know male crafts, probably, you know, do we would works or, you know, or do bracelet like the power cord bracelet that could be a meal thing.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, that's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or other graphs or had graphs.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, there's definitely you know there's plenty out there to do
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe could try doing some
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: At the piece you know you're not always on the TV. You know, you get, you know, watching too much TV.
Jocelyn Corrales: Couldn't you know
Jocelyn Corrales: It feels like it feels, you know, you would feel like lazy, you know, watching TV all the time, at least do something else.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you like gardening.
Eric D.S.: Not really. We don't have no room for here.
Over here, the garden.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least on a pop like pop gardening.
Eric D.S.: Oh yeah, that's true.
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do some, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Something that's not high maintenance. So that just in case the epidemics over you can seal take care of that plant.
Jocelyn Corrales: Probably a bonsai. You know, a small plant or a cactus.
Jocelyn Corrales: Baby. So in this case, we're
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case you don't water it, it's still alive.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, that's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, maybe like this, something like that. You can do some you know Park gardening.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least something to make you know to take your mind off things at least you know you got some things to do.
Eric D.S.: That's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: I could also suggest you know vegetable gardening in your backyard or actually you could actually plant some vegetables on big box, but I'm not sure if you're still able to do it once the pandemic is over.
Eric D.S.: Yeah you those, you definitely have to take care of.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, maybe let's just stick with it, you know, small plants, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Not so sensitive plans, just like the cactus are the bonsai.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that's good. Yeah, that's relaxing also
Eric D.S.: Radius. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to mental health. How do you, how do you regulate your mood, just in case you're cranky or feeling cranky or feeling angry or, you know, feeling emotional. How do you manage it in, you know, if you have stress. How do you handle it.
Eric D.S.: If it's if it's anything like that. I usually just work out or and like the music helps to but I mean if it's something that where I feel that way. I'll usually just
Eric D.S.: Go to myself because I live with my family still so usually for myself and either work out or do something like that. That'll keep my mind off of it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And listen to music work out and go to your family or sometimes be alone.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, either or depends on the feeling is, I want to talk to somebody than I have people here I can talk to
Jocelyn Corrales: Go to family when you want someone to talk to.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or me just be alone. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that's good thing to do. You know when you're feeling cranky so that you know one you want to get mad at someone you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, death at least
Jocelyn Corrales: At least try to be alone. You know, do some self meditation self reflection.
Eric D.S.: Don't take it out on the wrong person.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true. Because when you're angry. You know, you tend to hurt someone. You know, so once feeling sometimes you don't mean it. But once the words are out once you set it to the person you know you can take it back. Even if you tried to say sorry for that person.
Jocelyn Corrales: Once it's out, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: That's. Yes. So it's better to, you know, just like you mentioned, be alone in aside from being alone. That's good. You're doing music listening to music that also works out. And maybe you could also read some books, you mentioned you love reading books.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, I do.
Eric D.S.: Any a book.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you could do. So aside from that, you could. Yeah. You mentioned listen to music and do some self meditation and self reflection.
Jocelyn Corrales: And a lap of thinking
Eric D.S.: On on YouTube. I'll go on like the like mindfulness, I'll do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll put that in the plan so that I could do that.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, I like mindfulness meditation. Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: It actually helps
Eric D.S.: It does. I think so.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And we regard see just me and we just say that you know your therapies, you know you're doing therapies in also you're doing medication. Does it help
Eric D.S.: Good. But yeah, it definitely does. I also do I'm Derek up outside therapy on my own.
Eric D.S.: And so that definitely helps out. I see my therapist once a week on Thursdays.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you also do outside therapies.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you consider yourself spiritual
Eric D.S.: Yes, I do.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you also religious
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you
Jocelyn Corrales: Connected with
Jocelyn Corrales: Any religion.
Eric D.S.: Yes, I am.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what would that be
Eric D.S.: Um, I was raised Catholic. But recently I was introduced to a Christian church and I've been following that church online, since it's easier, since you can't go. I've been following that search online.
Jocelyn Corrales: And he's a Christian. And yes, that's good. You know, but do you attend physical church. Also, when there was snow pandemic. Yep.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Keep going.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you did a current pandemic, you are listening online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, or attending church online.
Eric D.S.: Yes, both
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And does it help you know
Eric D.S.: It does, I think. So for me it does anyway.
Eric D.S.: Give me one second. Somebody
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, no worries.
Eric D.S.: Go right back.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And do you pray or read the Bible.
Eric D.S.: More pray. Yes, and read the Bible.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Read the Bible, but not that much.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to your social relationship do you leave with your family.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And who is with you at home.
Eric D.S.: You my both my parents. And one of my sisters
Happy
Jocelyn Corrales: And your sister.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have a good relationship with your family.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And already very supportive of you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are supporting your viewer therapy.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have a girlfriend or a wife.
No.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you have friends.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You hang out with your friends.
Eric D.S.: When I'm able to yeah i where i work tool. The guys that work with me are also my friends so
Eric D.S.: That worked out for me. I'm able to hang out with people. I already know and get along with.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. That's good, get to hang out with your friends. But correct me. You know, because the situation right now. It's kind of a
Jocelyn Corrales: Trick limited. Yeah, you can actually meet online just like what we do. You could meet via zoom and talk about
Eric D.S.: That's, that's a chore to Facebook.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you could also do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: And we'd be good to financial you've mentioned you working. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have any problems with regarding your regard regards your financial no okay you're working and studying, you're still studying right now.
Eric D.S.: Yes, some of them I they gave us a three week vacation between the spring and the summer but I start school again in a few days.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is that via online or you're going to the school.
Eric D.S.: It'll be online for the summer.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay that's good to hear. I think it's going to it's safer.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, it is.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you do, you mentioned that you're you're working full time and you're also sitting
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you manage your own finances or your parents manage your finances for you.
Eric D.S.: Know I manage my own
Jocelyn Corrales: And up for automobiles.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so could you tell me what's not really working out for you. So we talked about what's working out for you. Could you tell me some things that you think this not work out for you.
Eric D.S.: Well, one thing I can definitely think of is, I'm not even though we have to do the online thing. Like for me, I don't like it. I prefer to be in person and class.
Eric D.S.: So that's something I'm having to adjust to it. I've never done online classes before. So the end of the last semester I had to do it and I struggled with it a little bit, so I know I have to keep getting used to it for summer.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you like doing class on a classroom, rather than doing it.
Eric D.S.: Online. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's actually, you know, yeah, it's actually more helpful doing it in, you know, one on one with a teacher.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually different when doing it. He actually needs adjustment. But, you know, doing to school physically is actually different from doing it online. How about your therapies doing therapies online. Are you okay with that.
Eric D.S.: Yeah, I don't mind that for me is convenient. So I don't mind.
Eric D.S.: Them because then like today. I barely made it in time, but
Eric D.S.: You know, if I if I have somewhere to go then. I probably wouldn't have gone to the store because I went to
Eric D.S.: Maybe you know so easier in that sense. And that helps and which school it's easier in some ways to if you're getting used to the program is hard.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It is, but you're trying. Yeah.
Eric D.S.: I have no choice.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so are you currently on probation or something like that.
Eric D.S.: Yes, I'm on probation right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you have to stick to the program.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are the medications, helping out
Eric D.S.: Yes, they are.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you being tapered not yet.
Eric D.S.: No, I am I started to already
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and does it the workout for you are no problems.
Eric D.S.: Or hasn't been hard.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay that's good to hear.
Eric D.S.: It will always be as easy as it has been. But so far, I have no complaints.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you are able to adjust to it.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're not feeling cranky, you know, no.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I have actually said actually have some patience, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: When they are on a mitigation tapering the
Jocelyn Corrales: They feel a bit you know cranky.
Eric D.S.: So just a few days.
Jocelyn Corrales: At the start. He surely when they try to take her that when the provider strikes taper it out sometimes at first.
Jocelyn Corrales: You surely the have difficulty sleeping or if not the feel cranky, but this just, you know, on the first week but on a succeeding week, they're able to adjust in the field, same thing.
Eric D.S.: Um, maybe I've taper down twice already. And both time there was a milligram each time. And the second time maybe like a couple of days, it was more like for me it was like a mental thing when I was at work, I would start feeling like I was getting tired or or
Eric D.S.: more tired than usual, but I would just tell myself. It's just a medication. I'm adjusting and I'd be able to push
Eric D.S.: Through the day but it wasn't that bad.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you're able to sleep. All right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and you have no problem sleeping. No, that's good. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to mental health.
Jocelyn Corrales: You've mentioned that you'd rather be alone.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Listen to music.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And yes, and you work out. Maybe you could also, you know, you mentioned that you only work out at home you exercise, about three times a week since you're at home alone.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know enough yet really working. Maybe you could do it in an everyday thing like every morning. You could exercise when you wake up.
Eric D.S.: Yeah.
Eric D.S.: That's what that eventually is to do it every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, let's put it in the plan exercise every day instead of doing it once a week until you're able to get you see it.
Jocelyn Corrales: By the time it will be worth it will be back to work. You, you know, once you have it, you're doing it through to leak. And actually, at least maybe just at least maybe 10 to 15 minutes in the day when you wake up exercise. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Key. So with regards to spiritual south. Do you think you have a problem with it.
Eric D.S.: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. And with regards to social relationship. Do you have any problems we in some relationships. Some of their friends, maybe
No.
Jocelyn Corrales: No. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to financial you. Do you have any problems.
No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you wake up for a while and wake up at around eight o'clock.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's a routine. That's good. You wake up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, even if you don't have working sometimes some, you know, some patients, you know, because of the pandemic in that they're staying at home, they try to sleep in a wake up late. At least you're still waking up really, that's good. That's a good habit, actually.
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat, eat, eat on time. Are you eating healthy snacks help healthy food.
Eric D.S.: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm Hmm, no junk foods or sufferings. No.
Eric D.S.: I don't like soda. They drink water but junk food.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that's, that's, that's good, taking water.
Jocelyn Corrales: healthy meals and snacks.
Jocelyn Corrales: And avoid
Jocelyn Corrales: junk foods.
Jocelyn Corrales: And for you at else I have included in the plan exercise everyday.
Jocelyn Corrales: Activities.
Jocelyn Corrales: Avoid too much watching TV. Maybe you could time yourself when you watch TV. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could read or study in advance.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do. We could put this in your activities of daily living, make out the daily plan, you could make a weekly plan and a daily plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: So your daily plan would be your routine plan and your weekly plan would be something that you would, you know, like for example you have some projects.
Jocelyn Corrales: You put it in your weekly plan so that you know when you have your daily plan, you could set out or you could list down what's you know your routine. Like, for example, you could you wake up at these are then after waking up, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Do your exercise and after exercise probably would take a shower after you exercise or things like that for your daily routine.
Jocelyn Corrales: And for your weekly plan. Like, for example, you have some projects like you know you would make some graphs or you would go to groceries. So you could list.
Jocelyn Corrales: Naked know you could know you would know what particular day you will go to the grocery incident. You could also adjust your daily plans for that.
Jocelyn Corrales: And so that you know you won't spend most of your time watching TV, a piece when you stick to your plan, you would be doing so much more in your day. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sleep at around 10 o'clock right yeah 10 o'clock PM. Okay, let me share you my screen so that you can see my screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I have listed down here. What's your works out for you. You know your basic things. I think it's working out well for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I have listed down things. It's really good to see your mental health spiritual self social relationships in your financial
Jocelyn Corrales: And what's not working out for you. I'll just fill in the other things because I believe it all here and I just noted, no problems for those areas that you mentioned that you have no problems. So let's go to the plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: You routinely wake up at eight o'clock, so I have no problem with that. We don't need to change that you eat regularly and you mentioned that you eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and I don't think you're in the diet spine and just continue on eating with healthy meals snacks and avoid eating junk foods.
Jocelyn Corrales: And for your daily activities of daily living. So I suggested for you to make a plan because you mentioned
Jocelyn Corrales: You just read and you watch TV. And, you know, right now, because you're currently not working in not yet back in school.
Jocelyn Corrales: So try to make out a plan for your week in the elite plan so include in your plan for the week you know when when the, when
Jocelyn Corrales: When is the approximate date for you to go shopping or buy some groceries or anything or any
Jocelyn Corrales: Any errands that you have to do for you know for your family or for for the week. So you place it on a weekly plan and for your daily life. For example,
Jocelyn Corrales: You wake up at the same time you exercise on this time you watch TV, even when you watch TV, you try to time it or you limit yourself to maybe watching TV, about an hour, instead of doing it for the whole we are so probably limit it to one hour so that he could do more in a day.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe you could instead of, you know, watching TV, you could do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Some arts or crafts.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's split arts here. Maybe you're interested with arts also arts or graphs and some pop gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: And avoid watching too much TV, try to read also and study in advance, you know, maybe when you're doing your online classes. You could also insert the one they're studying in advance. So since you know you're I think you're having school in how many weeks.
Eric D.S.: Next week,
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, you're having school next week already so at least you could also include that their study in advance. So instead of watching too much TV or you could spend a few hours of those time studying for your lessons.
Jocelyn Corrales: And sleep around at 10 o'clock, so I'm going to check on you again in the next 30 days probably check on you again, their own 4pm same time for PM.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And do you have an support people right our tails staffs
Jocelyn Corrales: In your family. Yes, and friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have anything to add. Maybe you there's something that you want to add, you know, something that we missed out
Eric D.S.: No, I think that's pretty good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, after I have edited this one I'm going to send you a copy of our meeting today. And so that you would also have a guide, although I think you're able to memorize all the things because there's not much here.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I hope you try to stick
Jocelyn Corrales: To our plan and you know this. These are just basic. These are just things that you usually do. So maybe instead of spending too much time hanging around. They're lying or watching TV, tried to make yourself more productive. Do you do chores, also for your mom or the house.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes. Let's see, do that here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do household chores.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: You may miss out on anything. You couldn't do.
Eric D.S.: Not so much.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine.
Eric D.S.: I prefer cooking.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Yeah, I know. Like, it also fall under tours.
To Kenya.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm Hmm, maybe you'll get maybe if you have time, maybe, but you know you're starting school next week, maybe, you know, a lot of your time would be, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: More of studying and doing online classes, but for your weekend time, you know, at least try to
Jocelyn Corrales: Exercise in the morning when you're feeling cranky. Try to self meditate, you know, just be alone. Listen to music and, you know, meditate and study
Jocelyn Corrales: And on your vacation time instead of watching TV, why not try instead of shopping online, do some art graphs in some Park garden, you know, times like this, it's very
Jocelyn Corrales: It's very tempting to do online shopping
Eric D.S.: It is
Jocelyn Corrales: So try to avoid watching the home or the on you know your phone searching for things or stuff to buy unless it's necessary or important
Jocelyn Corrales: So avoid looking at your phone and TV. So try to do some craft. Maybe you can, you know, due to the store, go to the store, buy some art or
Jocelyn Corrales: Craft stuff, you know, at least make yourself productive your do household chores. Maybe you could do some gardening instead of doing a lot of shopping, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You sometimes you won't notice you've been buying a lot of things already
Eric D.S.: Yeah, that's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you get tempted on shopping
Definitely
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so thank you Eric. It was great talking to you. You have my direct. Number two, what the texting you this my direct number, just in case you have, you know, you want some
Jocelyn Corrales: You have some inquiries, or you just want someone to talk to, you could always message me. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Oh, wait.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wait, let me try it. I forgot to let you sign this. Let me see if you're able to sign this one.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while,
Jocelyn Corrales: I forget to let you sign the plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see if you're able to sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Can you try assignee
Eric D.S.: Let's see it says to you control.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh yeah, you are able to sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let's see.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while,
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you try to see if it works out for you.
Eric D.S.: See, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: This see
Jocelyn Corrales: We could do this for a while. Let me. And let's do this again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because it doesn't seem to work.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while we're going to close this and let's
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's say it again.
Jocelyn Corrales: I don't know why it's not working, sometimes it works, sometimes it does not work.
Jocelyn Corrales: So bit tricky. You know, technology.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I have to cancel. Some of my appointments today because right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: My assessment my personality assessment is not pulling up. So I'm not able to do personality testing for some of the patients scheduled for today.
Eric D.S.: OK, and then now it says type here to control Jocelyn screen remotely.
Eric D.S.: I'm tapping it there and then the little guy pops out and then
Jocelyn Corrales: But I think you've already saying
Jocelyn Corrales: Not feeling
Jocelyn Corrales: That's weird.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, why is it not working, but it's okay if it doesn't work if the secret if deciding this work is fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me try if
Jocelyn Corrales: If it works, if
Jocelyn Corrales: That's weird.
Jocelyn Corrales: Doesn't even Aris when they try to refresh it.
Jocelyn Corrales: By step so weird.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's close the sweat again and let's try for the last time.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I know. Straight to get out here.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's see if it works out.
Jocelyn Corrales: This way.
Jocelyn Corrales: Shared or more
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see.
Jocelyn Corrales: But at least you're able to write something there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your other patients who are not really able to write anything there.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's still not saving
Jocelyn Corrales: Waste that
Jocelyn Corrales: It's fine. It's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine. Okay. It was great talking to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Likewise, yeah. Hope to see you next. In the next 30 days and I hope you're doing better.
Jocelyn Corrales: IN UPSTATE NEW
Jocelyn Corrales: And just in case there's something new in your life you know you mentioned that you're, you know, having a class or online classes. Next week, starting next week, then you could just, you could at least update me if you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Going back to work already. Or if you know if you're doing well with your classes in something like that. You could. And if you're doing something else. Okay.
Eric D.S.: Sounds good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Thank you, Eric. Have a great day and we save
Jocelyn Corrales: My day